hey there guys is Skippy here from
Skippy 6 gaming coming to you with
another episode of glitches baby in this
one here we're doing secret entrance
glitch a nice secret entrance something
that's going to help you get your secret
entrance on I am in creative right now a
little bit of a change i'm usually in
survival but i think i'm going to use
this world just to show you have
everything I'm accessible and and easy
without any attacks but basically this
is the first step it's pretty
straightforward actually and there is I
just did this if this was just brick it
would work just the same way no matter
what it was but I have a secret room
under here and if this was all the same
like I said you'd be fine it would blend
right in I just did it so you could see
the kind of the outline of the secret
room down in this building so basically
this is the secret room entrance glitch
so all you gotta do man honestly I would
recommend mmm if you want this to work
perfect every time I think maybe a nine
by nine is good as long as you have a
center one here you just put the boat
down and then get in the boat bang we
got water I don't even know where the
water came from this room didn't have
water in it once upon a time so we'll
just go ahead and close it cuz it just
messed my whole bitch thing up so let's
just pop this boat and there you go you
come right back up so let's just make
sure this water goes away I don't know
where that water came from where this
water come from where is it even coming
old ice from the glowstone look at that
tricky tricky I hope the rest of it
doesn't melt now okay so let's do that
one more time just to show you secret
room the key element to this guy's is
make sure that this is only one deep
there's nothing underneath it
and put your boat down in the center get
in the boat bang now don't you know what
don't worry about how far this is
because in essence you're not actually
going to take damage this is a glitch
you're not really in this room you are
and you could go right ahead and take
all the diamonds you want or whatever
you desire and then when you're done
getting whatever you want what do you do
just pop this boat and you appear right
back on the roof there you go so now you
got to take this into account fill this
in if these were all bricks and you know
you make it secret no one would even
know it's there unless they have a boat
you can keep a little chest with a boat
or something and nearby or whatever but
it's easy as that in and out in the boat
go down get your stuff bangle bingo get
your diamonds and then if you want out
you pop that chest and you're on the
roof again with your boat in theory I
think you could probably just leave you
could probably just leave a hole because
every time someone gets in it they're
going to be popping it and coming back
on the roof and if they just put the
boat back before they leave you're good
to go the boat does giveaway that it's a
secret entrance but hey what can you do
if you want the diamonds and perfect
there's a few other little glitches like
this I might get into it this is the
most i feel like usable one there is
there's a few other angles i might pop
those videos by it one day but until
then this is the secret room entrance
glitch it's literally put a boat on one
floor put it in the middle make sure
it's only one deep get in oh man it's
pretty easy pretty straightforward out
of all the you know I gotta say making
glitch videos some of them are pretty
challenging because some of them don't
always work and I really one of the
things I hated when I started playing
minecraft in the beginning was i hated
going through videos and doing tutorials
that didn't end up working at the end
and I know it's not really anybody's
fault because when I was still new I'm
trying to think of what works on PC what
works in this update what works and what
doesn't but this one works as of now I
don't really see them fixing it it's
been doing this for a while but and
there you go the secret room entrance
glitch thanks for tuning in guys if you
liked my video hit that like button
underneath I don't forget to subscribe
as well if you like my content I always
strive to make some good content for you
guys and I'll check you on the next
video later
you